{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg0\uc1 \deff0\deflang0\deflangfe0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\upr{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}}{\*\ud\uc0{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}}}}{\info{\upr{\title SuperStormWW3 V1}{\*\ud\uc0{\title SuperStormWW3 V1}}}
{\upr{\author Gary Mullins}{\*\ud\uc0{\author Gary Mullins}}}{\upr{\operator Gary Mullins}{\*\ud\uc0{\operator Gary Mullins}}}{\creatim\yr2002\mo10\dy21\hr19\min32}{\revtim\yr2003\mo3\dy26\hr20\min55}{\version5}{\edmins46}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords931}
{\nofchars5309}{\upr{\nofcharsws0}{\*\ud\uc0{\nofcharsws0}}}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\b\f1 SuperStormWW3 V1.5}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Description]-}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par SuperStorm is a script designed to improve the Skirmish and Multiplayer functions of World War III: Black Gold by enabling AI alliances, weather and many other features.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Version History]-
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20 26 March 2003 V1.5
\par A new game type \endash  SuperStorm Destroyer \endash  has been added. This mode allows you to select the limits for military and civil units and buildings. All game types except LCB have been adjusted to stop map flooding \endash 
 now there are military and civil structures limits. The value of these limits increases when you play bigger maps \endash  the exact values can be found in the Notes section below. The AI players are now forced to use these limits \endash 
 by default Expert and Hard cheat and disable them.}{\b\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20 21 October 2002 V1.1
\par All game types enabled in multiplayer, Destructive weather now avoids enemies in Observer, cash flows for Team Pooling & Consolidation modes now work more smoothly.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 
\par }{\f1\fs20 21 September 2002 V1.0
\par This was the first public release of SuperStormWW3.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Installation]-}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par Simply drag the included "SuperStormWW3
.wd" file into the WDFiles folder of the World War III: Black Gold directory. If you need to remove the modifications, either delete the file or move it out of the World War III: Black Gold directory - no game files are changed or damaged by SuperStorm.

\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[IMPORTANT Multiplayer Note]-
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20 SuperStorm must be removed before playing games at WarNet, unless you agree in advance with a number of players to play a game using the script. In this case, and every type of multiplayer ga
me, you must have the same version installed on each machine playing BEFORE starting the game. Otherwise, the game may not work properly, and you may annoy people by causing a script download. Direct TCP and LAN games are the best options for using SuperS
torm multiplayer, but if you do choose to use WarNet I suggest a pre-organised password-protected game.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Structures Single Player Instructions]-}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par The "SuperStorm Structures" script should be selected by default. Simply go to "Skirmish" as usual from the main menu.  If not, simply choose it from the drop-down game type menu. These are the options available:
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul Team Options}{\f1\fs20 
\par (FFA) - Free For All - Everyone vs Everyone
\par (Teams of [2/3/4/5/6/7/8]) - The player slots are divided into teams.
\par (AI vs Humans) - Destroy Structures default where AI players attack humans. 
\par (Teams as Factions) - Players of the same faction are allied.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul Weather}{\f1\fs20 
\par (No effects) - Destroy Structures default with no weather.
\par (Passive) - Weather effects appropriate to terrain, which do no damage.
\par (Destructive) - Lightning Showers travel randomly across the map.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul Special Options}{\f1\fs20 
\par (Normal) - Special Options Off
\par (Map Objects On) - Enables structures and units added to the map by the map maker. This fixes the team slots.
\par (Observer) - This mode allows you to watch AI players battling it out. The map is revealed and you are allied with all players. Disabled in multiplayer.
\par (Explored Map) - This removes the Fog of War to allow players to see the terrain of the whole map. Enemy units and structures are not revealed.
\par (Team Pooler) - This option pools the resources of your teams. You will find cash is deducted or added in line with your team's average.
\par (Consolidation) - Choose Consolidation if you have unfair teams. This awards a calculated cash sum to players who have less allies than the largest team. Note that when players die, Consolidation takes this into account in the cash sum calculation. 

\par (TP Consolidation) - Pools team resources and consolidates undermanned teams. 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul Earning Money}{\f1\fs20 
\par (OilExt. [amount]) Default. Amount changes amount of oil available in each oil field. Note that Very High is the Destroy Structures default.
\par ($x/min) Funded warfare with no mining. Amounts of donations per minute can be selected.
\par (Unlimited) Unlimited Cash Flow.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul Research Speed\line }{\f1\fs20 (Amount) Allows you to accelerate research speed. 2x is the Destroy Structures default.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {Units Limit
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 (Amount) Adjusts the unit limit. Also has an effect on some of the other limits e.g. military structures.
\par (No Limit) Removes unit limits. Note that the Iraqi and Russian SCUDS still have their respective 1 and 3 limits.
\par 
\par To win a SuperStorm Structures game you must eliminate all enemy structures. Note that ALLIED VICTORY is always enabled in SuperStorm, even though there is not a combo box for it. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Structures Multiplayer Instructions]-}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par The same as single player, with the following exceptions:
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul Team Options}{\f1\fs20 
\par (No AI / Normal AI) - This is the default. Any AI players present will attack human players, and no team scripting is run. Choose this option for best multiplayer network performance, especially where no AIs are involved in the game.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Limited Cost Battle Single Player & Multiplayer Instructions]-}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par Limited Cost Battle works in the same way as the normal LCB mode, with the same options as Structures bar the Cash Reserve selector instead of the Resource Options. Select \'93SuperStorm LCB\'94 from the Game Type menu.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Tech War Single Player & Multiplayer Instructions]-}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par Tech War enables all the technologies but other than that is a normal SuperStorm Structures game. Select \'93SuperStorm Tech War\'94 from the drop-down Game Type list.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Custom Battle Single Player & Multiplayer Instructions]-}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {Military U. Limit
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {This selects the total allowed cost of military (armed), units. If you reach this limit you cannot build any more.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {Civil U. Limit
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {This limits the total cost of civil units like unit transporters, minelayers, etc.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {Military B. Limit
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {Defensive and offensive buildings can be limited with this options.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {Civil B. Limit
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 All unarmed structures built count towards this limit.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Notes]-}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par -Certain maps in World War III have been designed with the player slots in the wrong order. You can tell these maps because they have irregular team colour assignments (normally player slot 1 is yellow, slot 2 is red, 3 green, 4 blue, 
etc.). Using these maps may result in odd alliances.
\par 
\par -Using "Random Positions" will also mix up the Alliance process. This could be good fun if all slots are filled though, as you don't know who you'll be allied with.
\par 
\par -The console stats, such as "Bounties Collected" and "Units destroyed" are totalled for all players, and are not personal stats. In addition, they don't update until they next appear (this is to improve performance).
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Version Checking]-
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20 To check which version of SuperStorm you have installed, start a game of SS Structures in Skirmish and type }{\b\f1\fs20 display.show 1}{\f1\fs20  . This works in versions 1.5 and later.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 --[Credits]-}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par SuperStorm is scripted by, and is the copyright property of, Gary Mullins (\'93SpaceTug\'94). }{\b\f1\fs20 You must gain the permission of SpaceTug to host this script on your site. }{\f1\fs20 
Many thanks to the beta testers for keeping the script clean, and to Rosic for translating the Polish version. Be sure to send me comments and suggestions, as it\rquote s feedback that keeps me going. Many thanks!
\par 
\par SpaceTug is a member of the Forces of Chaos Development Group (FoC-D).
\par http://homepage.ntlworld.com/gmtechie/WW3/\tab spacetug@ntlworld.com\tab    http://www.forcesofchaos.com
\par }}